---
contentKey: blog
title: EHS Interview 1/6
date: 2021-04-13T01:10:52.703Z
---
Today, I just completed my first of 6 interviews with a biotech company in SSF. Overall, I felt like i expressed myself in a favorable manor and I made a strong impression with my interviewer. One particular aspect of the conversation that I am still slightly confused about is my interviewer's commentary regarding an Iphone that has form and function(1)? I am also confused about my interviewers comment regarding how part of our job is also storytelling(2), where in which we have to develop strong communications skills to be able to not only express our issues but also be convincing enough such that we can create collaboration with EH&S. While I understanding my interviewer's point with the latter, I don't exactly understand how to best show my storytelling skills other than doing the job and establishing strong rapports with my contacts. Now as for the former, I still don't really understand the iPhone analogy regarding it being an all encompassing product that has form and function. I want to say that it may be in regards to how the business as a corporation, expects our work to not only be compliance related but maybe also creating avenues of value/cost mitigation? I'm honestly not too sure. It's been one of six interviews and I feel like I should enjoy the success that I feel right now. I am happy to learn that I know who my direct boss would be (Lav). Also, from discussing the job roles & tasks, it sounds like a lot of miscellaneous emergency response? I really enjoy that it's going to be broad work allowing room for exposure, which as an EH&S Specialist, I really would love to be able to enjoy this opportunity to grow my knowledge of safety but also industry standards. 